are warning signs that you should not try to solve word I would venture
to say mental health dealing with a stressful job he knows that we
are the us feel that we're in this so stressful some people are able
to deal with it and some people resort to attempted suicide some people
lash out of physical violence and these are things that you should
not try to solve all your own Hey you should use our resources
which are so your medical personnel on board and even take it up the
chain of command with that you know been a you're you know your arm
excels CO maybe the navy department he is or you know even your master
chiefs are you see MC